I'm going through with the divorce, this pathetic marriage is over.
You don't mean that.
Give me a little more time to fix things, please.
Okay, you bring Angie back to life?
Because that is what it's going to take for me to be in the same room as you.
Don't you understand what you've done, Angie?
Angie is dead.
I'm so sorry.
Let her go.
Back off, you've done enough.
That's why I want to help.
You've been a shit husband to her, hurting her over and over.
She doesn't want you near a Nolan.
You know, the least you could do would be to listen to her when she says, leave her alone.
I need to do something.
Her best friend is dead.
Angie is dead.
Angie is gone.
You want to do something right for once?
Make sure you catch her and do this.